gh-125729: Makes the presence of the :mod:`turtle` module dependent on the Tcl/Tk installer option. (#126176)
python/cpython: Misc/NEWS.d/next/Windows/2024-10-31-09-46-53.gh-issue-125729.KdKVLa.rst

> Add turtle.py into Tcl/Tk installation option

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Mention the turtle module in Tcl/Tk installation option in Windows installer. Exclude turtle.py from stdlib if this option is not set.
```

> Mention the turtle module in Tcl/Tk installation option in Windows installer. Exclude turtle.py from stdlib if this option is not set.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Makes the presence of the :mod:`turtle` module dependent on the Tcl/Tk installer option. Previously, the module was always installed but would be unusable without Tcl/Tk.
```

I *think* this could do the job but I'm not entirely sure that the links will work properly so we'll need to wait for the docs CI to build.

Reviewer 3: No need to refer to the file in my opinion, but we do need to spell ``:mod:`turtle` `` right.

I'd probably phrase this as ``Makes the presence of the :mod:`turtle` module dependent on the Tcl/Tk installer option. Previously, the module was always installed but would be unusable without Tcl/Tk.``

Reviewer 2: Oups, sorry for the typo ! I've edited my suggestion.
